# Session 1: BBC English Class

Hello, from a fire escape. Why am I in a fire escape? Because I got a bit lost. Sorry about that.

_But while_ we're here, let's talk about some grammar, and today we're looking at the third conditional. OK, but I know you're a busy person. You know I'm a busy person. We don't have time to remind ourselves that the third conditional is: if + past perfect + would + have + the past participle. We don't have time to do that!

Instead, I'm going to give you one thing that you need to remember if you forget everything else. One _crucial_ tip, and I'm going to do it in 30 seconds, actually, one minute and 30 seconds, give myself a bit more time. Here it is, one minute and 30 seconds, starting now.

The question is: when do you use the third conditional? OK? And the answer is: when you're talking about a past situation that didn't happen. OK? Right now, I'm in a fire escape. Why? Because I'm lost. So in the past, I didn't pay attention, so the past situation that didn't happen is me _paying_ attention. So we can use a third conditional here. We can say: If I had paid attention, I wouldn't have got lost. OK? Let's think of one more. But, If I hadn't got lost, I wouldn't have found this very beautiful number three. So this number three, third conditional, see the connection? _Hopefully_ this will help us remember when to use it. If I hadn't got lost, I wouldn't found this number three.

And that's it. I have nine seconds remaining. So just remember, the third conditional is for when we're talking about a past situation that didn't happen. Perfect, now all I need to do is find my way out of there. I'm going to go this way, see you.
