# Session 2 News Review

Hell, and welcome to News Review. The programme where we bring you a new story and teach the language you need to talk about it.

I'm Fin, and I'm join by Neil. Hi, Neil.

Hi, Fin.

How's it going?

It feels very well.

Telling about the today story.

Today story is about probably the world famous spy.

Right I'm think of a number, I'm think double O?

Three digits.

It's got to be 007. What's James Bond not to know?

Well, as we know, James Bond has a licence to...

To kill?

Yes, but he doesn't. It pays an India licence to ki- something else?

Not kick?

No. Shall we find out more?

Let's find out, yeah.

To tell us more about this story, and BBC India Correspondent earlier Sanjoy Majumder in daily.

He may have a licence to kill, but the world's most famous secret agent doesn't have the licence to kiss – at least in India. The country's censor board has snipped off a few seconds from the latest James Bond film Spectre in which he's seen kissing his female co-stars. The censors say the scenes are unnecessarily long. But Indians have taken to social media to ridicule the cuts. One suggested that Bond may as well trade his martini for milk while another said he would have to introduce his girlfriends to his mother before seducing them.

Right, so the spy has licence to kill but not to kiss?

No, no licence to kiss.

And it's a big story around the world. Neil, tell us, what are some of the language disappearing in news?

OK, I've been searching around.

Fantastic.

And finding out what the words are keep coming up. Connected to the story. And the three words our choosing one is censor, the other is ridicule, and third is mockery.

OK, censor, ridicule, and mockery. Firstly, censor, let's to find that. To censor something, is to remove what is saying as unwanted or unnecessary or actually offensive from a book or a movie. Someone who does that, is called a censor.

Social observe, isn't it?

It is. So to censor is to remove. That's right.

And this word we can say here in the telegram, website, and headlight

pause 2:29
