# Make or Create?

This week on Ask a Teacher, we answer a reader's question about two common verbs. Here it is:

Hi, I'm XXX, I would like to know _the_ difference between 'make' and 'create'. How do we use them in everyday life? Thank you for your answer!

Hello, XXX. _On a_ normal day, someone may make many things, but the person may create nothing at all. This morning, for example, I make breakfast. But, so far today, I have not created anything. Tonight, however, I may create a recipe for dinner.

The words 'make' and 'create', can have a few meanings. But today, we'll talk about the one that is commonly confused.

The verb 'make' meaning to produce, build or prepare something. Usually, through common _processes_.

Someone can make a tasty meal, for example. But that does not mean the person used uncommon cooking methods or ingredients. A person can work in a factory that make _vehicles_ or clothing. But that factory does not create these things. Use of the verb 'make' _tells_ us that the production processes and the vehicles or clothing designs already existed.

The verb 'create' usually suggests _newness_ or _innovation_. Generally, it means to produce something new or _to_ bring something into _existence_. 'Create' often suggests that the making of a thing require special skill or imagination, or uncommon processes, such as a work of a art or _an invention_.

So, to create a meal would mean to invent a new _dish_ or recipe. To create a vehicle or piece of clothing means to design one that is different from earlier _models_.

_Collocations_ may be the reason some English learners find themselves unsure about whether to use 'make' or 'create'. In English, some words just go together and some do not.

For example, the word 'make' is used in collocations such as 'make the bed', 'make _a_ choice', and 'make noise'. A native speaker could never say 'create noise.'

The word 'create' is often _used_ in collocations that involve _intangible_ things, like in 'create an _atmosphere_' an 'create a playlist.'

And that's Ask a Teacher for this week.
