# Argentina Struggles with Increased Poverty, Inflation

The neighborhood of XXX outside the city of _Buenos Aires_ in Argentina looks poor. People cook with firewood. Some have no electricity, gas or running water. Children play without shoes.

More than 100 years ago, Argentina was one of the richest countries in the world. By the end of 2020, 42 percent of the population was poor. The percentage has risen from 35.5 percent a year earlier. The coronavirus health crisis and years of recession have affected people's lives.

"Here we live day to day. We do not know what will happen tomorrow, if we will make it or won't get to eat," said XXX. She is a _43-year-old_ who is unemployed and has two children.

"Poverty leads you to this, we no longer have the right to anything. We've lost everything, even dignity," added XXX. She now lives on charity.

Argentina's economy has been crushed by years of economic crisis and high inflation that has destroyed people's savings and ability to spend money. Prices have increased every year.

Before the pandemic, 8 million Argentines received food _assistance_. Now it is 10 million, in a population of about 45 million people.

Minister of Social Development XXX told _Reuters_: "The price of food is Argentina's most critical problem. What we see is people doing informal jobs, working, but then also going to soup kitchens to make ends meet."

The government of President Alberto Fernández wants to reduce _poverty_ to help its position before the October _elections_. Many of the party's supporters live in the poor areas around Buenos Aires.

The Ministry of Social Development had a budget of $2.6 billion in 2020 to _lessen_ the economic effects of the coronavirus pandemic. In 2021, there could be additional measures, XXX said. He did not give details.

Argentina has high levels of poverty assistance for a _Latin_ American country. But much of the aid is made possible by government financial measures that increase inflation and poverty.

Argentina's central bank _estimates_ that the economy will grow at a rate of 6.7 percent this year, with inflation at 46 percent.

"The first year of the pandemic was very difficult, I was left without work," said XXX. She has 10 children.

"I always worked as a domestic worker and it was all very sudden. My husband was also without work and all my children. It was very hard for everyone," she said.
