# Indonesia Searches for Lost Submarine Carrying 53 Sailors

_Indonesia navy ships_ searched Thursday for a submarine that went missing during training in the India Ocean. Officials said 53 _crew_ members were on the boat when it disappeared Wednesday about 96 kilometers north of the island of Bali.

The navy believes the submarine may have _sunk_ too low in the sea for its control system to operate. The deeper the submarine sinks, the harder it will be to rescue. Officials _estimated_ the _sub's_ oxygen supply would run out early Saturday.

The submarine crew was taking part in training activities Wednesday but failed to report to a planned meeting.

The _military_ said more than 20 navy ships, two submarines and five _aircraft_ were searing the area. A ship designed to map underwater area and identify objects was also expected to take part. Officials said the operation was helped by _calm_ seas.

Indonesia President _Joko Widodo_ said he had ordered military _chiefs_ to develop all necessary forces "to find and rescue submarine crew." Indonesia's navy chief, _Admiral Yudo Margono_, told reporters: "Hopefully we can rescue them before oxygen has run out."

Officials reported the smell of _fuel_ in the search area. But they said they do not know if that information is linked to the submarine.

The navy believed the submarine _sank_ 600 to 700 meters, much deeper than its estimated _collapse_ depth. The navy said the submarine might have lost power in a dive, disabling emergency systems.

Earlier, a navy spokesman told Indonesia's _Kompas_ TV that the submarine's electric system is only designed to operate at a depth of 250 to 500 meters. "Anything more than that can be prety _fatal_," the spokesman said.

_Ahn Guk-hyeon_ is with South Korea's _Daewoo Shipbuilding_ and _Marine_ Engineering. The company provided major improvements to the submarine from 2009 to 2012. He said pressure would likely collapse the submarine if it went deeper than 200 meters. He said his company had rebuilt a lot of the structures inside the submarine. But _he lacked_ information about its current condition.

Navy chief Yudo said the submarine had been cleared for use and was in good condition. It was built in Germany in 1977 and has been in service in Indonesia since 1981.
