# Woman Helps Children 'Beat the Heck' out of Coronavirus

When the coronavirus pandemic began last year, _Carolina Tolladay Vidal's_ party business suffered immediately. People cancelled parties and no one was buying _pinatas_ from her business in the American state of Alaska.

A pinata is a container usually filled with small treats, like candies, fruits, or gifts. It is hung up at parties or celebrations. A person, likely a child, with eyes covered would hit a pinata with a stick. And the objects inside would fall to _the ground_ for everyone.

Tolladay Vidal told Alaska Public Media recently that many of her projects were moved to other dates. "Many," she added, "were canceled."

She had to find new ideas to bring back her business. So, Tolladay Vidal decided to make large, red pinatas shaped like the coronavirus.

After she shared an image of her _handmade_ coronavirus pinata on social media, she said the orders started pouring _in_.

She explained why so many people want to beat up a coronavirus-shaped pinata. "I think you really _smash_ them and break them and hit them with meaning," she said, "because it has been _tough_ for everybody."

Rose _Consenstein_, age 8, agrees. She said, with her eyes covered, she could not see it. But that did not stop her from "beating the heck" out of a coronavirus pinata at her birthday party.

Tolladay Vidal started her pinata business about four years ago. One of her daughters wanted a pinata shaped like "Cloud Guy," a character from the movie Trolls.

She said she could not find one in stores or online. So, she said, ‘Well, you know, it shouldn't be so hard to make up a pinata."

Tolladay Vidal grew up in Mexico and spent years creating pinatas with her family. She said, "I have a memory of my grandma setting up all the grandchildren and helping her make a couple star pinatas with the seven points."

Kate Consenstein is Rose's mother. She said the coronavirus pinatas were perfect for her daughter's outdoor, socially distanced birthday party.

"Coronavirus," she said, "is the perfect _villain_ for children." Children can "understand that this is the thing we want to defeat. There was so much cheering," she said, "when it exploded."
