# Awesomesauce

2021-03-10 16:21:02

F: Hey, Roy. Thanks for this ice cream **-** I love ice cream. But why are we eating it now?

R: As a treat, F. This is my _homemade_ ice cream.

F: Yum, it tastes good.

R: Tastes good, you say? Just good?

F: Well, it's not bad.

R: Not bad? _Honestly_ F, there is no _pleasing_ you sometimes. Is there something missing?

F: Rob, it's awesomesauce.

R: Uh, you want _sauce on it_? Why didn't you say? What did you want? Strawberry? chocolate? _caramel_?

F: No, I was actually being nice. Awesomesauce is an informal way to describe something that is extremely good or amazing. It was a compliment, Rob. Listen to these other examples of awesomesauce.

E: My wife is awesomesauce, she just _served_ me _breakfast in bed as_ it's my birthday.

E: This peanut _butter_ and banana _milkshake_ is awesomesauce. Can I have some more, please?

E: Hey, I got _top grades_ **in all** my exams. Awesomesauce!

F: Which is an informal way of describing that something is extremely good, amazing or incredible. _And you homemade_ ice cream is amazing, Rob.

R: Oh, thanks very much. I don't know what to say.

F: You can also say 'awesomesauce'. The word can _also_ be used to say you are very very pleased with something.

R: Ok, then - awesomesauce. If it's that good, I must try some too, with strawberry sauce on.

F: You must, Rob. It taste great.

R: Oh, no, not awesomesauce.

F: What's wrong?

R: I didn't put it backed in the **freezer**, it's melted.

F: You had better go and make some more, Bye.
