# Doomscrolling

2021-03-11 12:10:37

F: 额, Rob，could we have your attention, please?

R: Oh sorry, F. I was just looking at the news on my smartphone.

F: Now it's not the time to be looking at the news **-** We're presenting a programme.

R: I know, but there's so much news to look at and it's all very very...

F: Depressing? Yes, there has been a lot of depressing news recently. But you seem addicted to it.

R: Oh, look at this! Did you know we are all going to die someday?

F: Enough doomscrolling, Rob.

R: What's that?

F: Doomscrolling describes **continuously** scrolling through endless bad news stories on your smartphone app, on social media or on the internet. It happens a lot join the coronavirus **pandemic** . And you are obsessed, Rob. You just can't stop reading information that depresses you.

R: OK, OK. I'll try find some more positive news while we hear some examples.

E: I've been doomscrolling too much and read so much information about coronavirus that I can't sleep at night.

E: Stop doomscrolling, if you read too much bad news. You'll get depressed.

E: My brother does too much **doomsurfing**. He loves to tell us the latest gloom and doom in the world, so _we've_ stop and listening to him.

F: We're talking about the 'doomscrolling', also called '**doomsurfing**'. That's endlessly looking at depressing news stories on your smartphone app ,on social media or the internet. I think it's time we have some good news stories, Rob.

R: Yes, and I think I've got one. Look! A kitten _went_ missing has been found.

F: Sweet!

R: And look at this, new research says biscuits don't make you fat. Oh, and look at this story...

F: OK, Rob. Is there a word for endless looking at good news stories?

R: Joyscrolling? Happyscrolling?

F: Well, it's good to see your smiling again.

R: Well, we all need something to smile about after the event of this year.

F: I agree. Bye.

R: ByeBye.
