# Crowdsourcing

F: Oh, Rob. What are you doing?

R: Just preparing some biscuits for my new business.

F: Are you planing to sell biscuits?

R: Not any old biscuits, F - Rob's Amazing Crunch and Crumble Biscuits. This is my new career.

F: You're going to need some help if you want to launch a new biscuit business.

R: Emm...Yes, you're right. Maybe you could help me put them in the boxes?

F: No, Rob. You need more help than that - You need crowdsourcing.

R: Oh, right. Uh, Is that some kind of magic ingredient to put in the biscuits?

F: No - Crowdsourcing is when you ask groups of people for their ideas and opinions to help you develop your business idea. Note that _crowdfunding_ is just when large numbers of people donate small amount of money to help someone start a business. These days it's _a_ useful way to help you develop business. Here are some more examples of crowdsourcing.

E: I'm launching a crowdsourcing project **to gather** creative ideas for my new **fitness** website.

E: We're going to crowdsource to try raise _enough_ money so our idea of a treehouse cafe can become a reality.

E: I found crowdsourcing a great way to generate honest opinion about the best way to start my vegan restaurant business.

R: So, F, where do I find people to ask for help?

F: You can ask members of the public via the internet and on social media, even ask your friends and family. The more advice you can get the better.

R: Oh, right. Well, In that case, I'm going to message my mom to _say_ if she can help me bake a few more biscuits.

F: Rob, crowdsourcing involves more than just your mom. You need to speak to lots of people.

R: Oh, crumbs. Maybe I'll stick with this presenting job for a little bit longer. _Do you fancy a biscuit_?

F: Thanks. Bye.
