# Nothingburger

F: You're looking a bit angry, Rob. Are you OK ?

R: Not really. I was feeling hungry earlier so I thought _I would treat_ myself to one of those huge luxury hamburgers from the cafe.

F: Oh yes. The double-decker ones, with onions and gherkins, in a sesame seed bun. Yum. So why are you angry?

R: Well, when I got it out of the box, there was no burger, just the bun.

F: Oh dear! No burger! You can calling it a 'nothingburger'.

R: Ha ha! Yes I suppose you could.

F: Actually, the word 'nothingburger' can also be used to describe other things too. If something seems good or important but turns out not to be, we can call it 'a nothingburger'.

R: Well, my burger certainly wasn’t what I expected. Can we hear some more examples of this word, please?

F: Sure. _Feast on these…_

E: I was worried when _our boss called an_ emergency meeting, but it turned out to be a nothingburger.

E: The weather reporter warned _we were in for_ a storm and should stay indoors, but it was a nothingburger.

E: All the hype about the new fashion store was a nothingburger, it was just like the old one!

F: It’s used to describe something that was expected to be important but turns out to be insignificant. It’s used figuratively and not really to describe Rob’s _non-burger_!

R: What’s that? You’re saying my _non-burger_ isn’t a nothingburger?

F: I’m afraid so. It really is used to describe important situations that turned out to be insignificant. It can also be used to describe a person with little or no importance. Like you, Rob!

R: Ha ha. Well, I think I’d be more important if I went and bought you a luxury burger from the cafe?

F: Emmm, maybe. Just make sure there’s a burger in the bun this time!.

R: Of course.
