# One step at a time

F: Hey, Rob! How are you plans going to get fit?

R: Oh, FeiFei. They are a disaster.

F: Oh, No. What's _gone_ wrong?

R: Well, I went for _a five-mile_ run last night. But I gave up after just 1 mile. I was exhausted. And then I went for ten-mile bike ride, _but_ only go to the end the street. Uh, I give up. Getting fit is not fun!

F: Don't give up, Rob. You need to take things one step at a time.

R: You mean walk, Don't run?

F: Not exactly _-_ Just improve your fitness gradually in stages. When you do thing 'on step at a time', you improve them gradually in stages, step by step. So Rob, improve your fitness step by step which means the same as one step at a time. Here are some examples.

E: I kngow the instructors _look_ confusing, but take them one step at a time and they should make sense.

E: If you want your cake making to be a success, you need to follow the _instructions_ one step at a time.

E: Don't panic, I _have written a_ step by step guid on how to turn the heating on. So you should be fine.

F: So Rob, to get fit, you need a plan - improve your fitness in stages.

R: OK, So where do I begin?

F: Well, don't run before you can walk. So do lots of walking and then a little bit of running.

R: OK, and after that?

F: The next stage just to run a bit farther and then walk a little. Set yourself a goal, like from your couch to running a _5K_.

R: Oh, did you say couch? Great, I'm off.

F: Where are you going?

R: Well, _I'm going to run to_ my couch, put my feet up, and eat lots of biscuits.
