# A wake-up call

2021-03-21 13:40:03

F: Rob is late again.

R: Sorry, I'm late. I missed my train. I had to wait..., I had to wait for the next one.

F: Are you OK, Rob? You're very breathless.

R: Well, you would be if you had run to the station and from the station to the office.

F: It's not that far, Rob. I think this a wake-up call.

R: A wake-up call? No no no, I set my alarm _- I got out of bed_. It just seems to take longer to walk to the station these days.

F: I didn't mean your alarm, Rob. A wake-up call is a warning that you need to change your current situation before it gets any worse.

R: _And what_ is my current situation?

F: You're unfit. You need to do more exercise. Let's hear some examples of 'a wake-up call'. Shall we?

E: _Martha's_ bad test results were a wake-up call for her to work _harder_ before her final exams.

E: The store's poor sales results are a wake-up call for the business to move with times and _sell more_ fashionable clothes.

E: The recent extreme weather is a wake-up call for us all to do something about _climate_ change.

F: It's time to change, like Rob's fitness. So Rob, how are you going to change your current situation?

R: Well, that's easy - I'm going to get a later train. More time to bed.

F: I wouldn't, Rob. Otherwise, you'll get a another wake-up call.

R: Oh, who from?

F: The boss - He hates people being late all the time. So if you are not punctual, you might get the sack.

R: All right. I'm off.

F: Where are you going?

R: To do some exercise. Like you said, I need to get fit - quickly.

F: Good luck, Rob.
