# Climate Emergency

2021-03-22 17:21:51

F: I'm very impressed, Roy. I saw you doing some recycling earlier. And is that a reusable bag?

R: Yes, I'm saving the world _one bag_ at a time. I was reading an article about the climate emergency that our world is facing.

F: So you found the article I left on your desk. I thought you'd _find it_ interesting and it might help you to become more of an eco-warrior like me. I'm super F _-Queen of _ recycling and you can be my helper - Roybot.

R: What? - You've given yourself a superhero name and called me Roybot! Why am I the helper?

F: Because you're not as cool as me - Plus someone needs to fight this climate emergency.

R: Right. _well if_ giving yourself a superhero name encourages you to help the planet. I _support_ you super, F. Why don't we talk about some other ways we can fight the climate emergency?

F: Indeed we will, Roybot. Right after these examples.

E: We need to do more to tackle the climate emergency.

E: Scientists have declared a climate emergency in response to the melting ice caps.

E: We've _taken up_ a recycling in order to fight the climate emergency.

F: We're talking about the expression 'climate emergency', which relates to the environmental problems our planet is facing.

R: Well, we _have already talked_ about using reusable bags and recycling. But what about investing _in_ renewable energy sources such as wind and solar?

F: Yes, I have solar panels on my roof to power my superhero base.

R: Also, cutting down your meat consumption can really help. I'm vegetarian. But just _a reduction_ of the _amount of meat_ you eat can help in the _battle against_ the climate emergency.

F: And what about cycling? That's much better instead of using cars or taxis.

R: I thought the superhero you might be able to fly.

F: No, I'm trying to reduce my fumes by not flying. Cycling for me.
