# Thirsty

2021-03-23 14:35:41

R: Did you get me a drink of water?

F: No, I did not. Go and get yourself one.

R: But I thought you were bringing me one because I overheard you saying _to Neil_ that I was very thirsty.

F: Oh, right. Sorry, you _weren't meant to hear_ that. I meant _that_ you are thirsty on social media. You always posting photos _of_ yourself _trying_ to get compliments and attention.

R: Oh, I _most_ certainly am not. What makes you think that I post on social media just to get attention?

F: I have seen some of your elaborate and ridiculous photos. You posted one the other day with the big rat and another where you _were_ dressed as a superhero.

R: I didn't do that to get attention - I'm not thirsty. And it wasn't a big rat. It was my dog.

F: Right. Let's listen to some examples.

E: _Geoff_ sends _Sandra's_ photos were _attention-seeking_. I told him she is thirsty.

E: Stop being so thirsty. Why do you always have to post photos just to get attention?

E: _Vladimir_ is so thirsty. He's always sharing photos of himself and a puppy. Just to get likes.

F: Which is an adjective to describe people who are trying very hard to get attention and praise.

R: I must admit. A lot of people on social media seem really thirsty. They are always posting photos to get likes. You can also say that _someone is_ fishing for compliments.

F: Or attention seeking. That's another way of saying thirsty. Which reminds me, you look really hot, do you still _want that_ drink of water?

R: Yes, please. I'm really thirsty.

F: Got you. I _recorded_ you admitting that you are really thirsty. Next time you post something, I have proof.

R: But I only _wanted a_ drink.

F: Get it yourself.
