# snap up

R: F, could we hurry up, please?

F: Hurry up? Do you need to be somewhere, R?

R: Yeah, I need to get to the shops to buy something in the sales.

F: So you want to snap up a bargain?

R: Well, I don't want to snap anything, just grab a bargain.

F: That's what I mean. When you snap up something, it means you get something quickly and with enthusiasm. So R, you want to snap up a bargain at the shops, but you could also snap up tickets for a concert, or snap up the offer _of an_ amazing job.

R: Well, today I want to snap up a new smartphone _that's_ on sale for half price.

F: Well, don't go yet. We have some examples to listen to.

E: Good news. The company snapped me up _as soon as they read_ my CV.

E: I manage to snap up these half price shoes at the sales. Do you like them?

E: I couldn't get _a_ ticket to the gig because they were all snapped up _as soon as_ they went on sale.

F: If you snap up something, you get _it_ quickly or immediately and usually with enthusiasm. So R, is the smartphone you want to snap up any good?

R: Yes. Long battery life, great image and sound quality and it's a great _colour_.

F: A bit like this one?

R: Yes. Just like that one. Where did you get it from?

F: I snapped _it_ up in the sales on the way to the office. Sorry R，I think it was the last one.

R: Oh, F, that's not fair.

F: If you want something quickly, R, you have to snap to it - that means do something immediately or quickly.

R: Oh well, the phone was not _that_ good anyway - and now I've saved my money I can go and snap up something else in the sales.

F: Good, so we both happy.
