# Sticking point

2021-03-26 16:46:30

F: R, please, will you sit down? It's really annoying with you always just standing there!

R: No, I refuse to sit down. I haven't sat down for the whole week. I heard you talking about _a_ sticking point the other day, and after you played a joke _on me and_ glued me to the chair, I will not sit down ever again!

F: No R. A sticking point refers to a problem or issue that prevents progress towards a goal or an agreement. I was talking about negotiating my new work contract - I think I should be given unicorn truffles everyday as part of the job.

R: Wait, so a sticking point in your new contract is that you want unicorn truffles?

F: Yes, I also ask for an eagle called XXX, but I want unicorn truffles.

R: That's a great idea. I might ask for _free_ unicorn truffles too.

F: Sorry, R. That's only for amazing people like me. Now sit down and let's listen to these examples.

E: Trade tariffs were a sticking point in the negotiations.

E: Bob and XXX could not agree on the budget. The amount spent on stationary was a real sticking point.

E: The amount of time _it_ would take to build the _railway_ was a sticking point when it came to _signing_ the final agreement.

F: Which refers to an issue or problem that _blocks_ a negotiation or agreement.

R: I'm glad I could sit down. I was _getting_ really tired. So, have you finally stopped playing your jokes around the office? _Am I safe again ?_

F: Yes, I've stopped. You're safe.

R: That's good. Your jokes were a real sticking point in our friendship.

F: Well, talking of sticking points, I'm off to negotiate my contract and get some _of_ those unicorn truffles, and my eagle.

R: I love unicorn truffles.

F: Well, _there are_ some on that table over there, you could have all of them, but sadly you're stuck to a chair again. I got you again with _my_ prank.

R: No! Don't leave me stick to a chair again!
