# Plastic footprint

R: And I'm the new improved Roy.

F: Wow! Roy, you look really different. Why are you wearing a suit?

R: Well, I decided to give some of my old **clothes away** to charity and **start** wearing my suit and tie and cut my hair short. Also, **I'm** wearing **these** shoes that have _a_ metal _sole_ to reduce my plastic footprint.

F: You know that plastic footprint doesn't **relate** to **specifically** to your shoes, right? Plastic footprint relates to _the_ amount of plastic you use in your everyday life.

R: Yep, and I'm very aware of _the_ amount of plastic I use. In fact, I get really angry when I receive _or_ buy something that **uses** unnecessary plastic packaging.

F: Roy, I've never heard you get angry before. I'm really impressed you care about plastic footprint.

R: Well, I only get upset when **it** relased to the future _of the planet_. _A planet_ my son and his children _will inherit_. Let's listen to these examples.

E: I'm trying to avoid **buying** things _that_ use too much plastic packaging because I'm very aware of my plastic footprint.

E: The **shop has start** using paper bags to reduce _its_ plastic footprint.

E: First **it was carbon**, now **its our** plastic footprint we have to reduce. I have to read more about it.

F: We're talking about the expression 'plastic footprint'. This relates to the amount of plastic that we use in our everyday life. Roy, how are you reducing your plastic footprint?

R: Well, first of all, **whenever** I buy a coffee, I use a reusable coffee cup. Also, when you buy thing, do you use single-use plastic bags?

F: No, I don't. I have reusable bags that are made of cloth rather than plastic. What else can be done?

R: Well, bringing your own bottle to drink water can help, and also avoiding plastic cutlery. I always take my cutlery from home. Do you drink a lot of tea?

F: Yes, I do. Why?

R: Well, you should always make sure that the tea bag you use biodegradable if you want to reduce your plastic footprint.

F: I **didn't** know that. Well, speaking of tea, do you want a cup?

R: I'd love one.

F: Me too. Now go and make me one while I do some work. Bye, Roy.

R: Ok, feifei. Bye.
