# Spoiler alert

R: Did you watch the latest episode _of the hit soap_, a duck between a rock and a hard place?

F: No, I haven't watched the latest episode yet.

R: It was epic, spoiler alert. It turns out that Martin wasn't really a duck, but actually Bob, the evil twin brother of the magnificent unicorn _Flim-Flam_.

F: What? I can't believe you ruined the story for me with that spolier. I've been watching them and now you have told me the big ending for the story.

R: But I did say sopiler alert before I told you. And don't worry, There's **going to** be another episode tonight because sopiler alert the evil unicorn Bob didn't die at the end.

F: Roy, that's another thing you've told me. Just because you say spoiler alert doesn't mean you can tell me everything that happens.

R: Sorry, F. I promise I won't tell you any other spoliers. Let's listen to these examples:

E: Martina told me a massive secret that happens in the book and she forgot to say spolier alert. I'm so annoyed with her.

E: Next time you give me a spolier, make sure you say spolier alert beforehand.

E: I hate spoliers, they ruin films for me but when I watch a video on social media and I hear someone say spolier alert, I turn it straight off.

F: We say this as a warning when we going to reveal part of the story of a film, book or tv series. I hate when people give me spoliers.

R: Yeah, spoliers can ruin the story for someone. I'm sorry, F. I shouldn't **have given** you any spoliers.

F: Well, after you say spolier alert - you need to give me more time before you tell me what happened.

R: Sorry, I'll do. Well, I suppose we're now even for all the times you've told us secrets about films and series. You never even say spolier alert.

F: Well, Roy. Did you get the email from me **earlier**?

R: No, why? What did it say?

F: Spolier alert - you have to work the weekend because I'm going to the spa.

R: What, Not again! Bye, F.
